Dan Harmon

i thinke it's that idea of trust,of freedall,throw urself out a window,don't know what's going to happen,don't lool ahead.in this,nothing 
can go  wrong becuz nothing we have done.

these haemonians,they've all been around for a great,long time,feeling pent up,and ashamed,and disconnected,they're just a bunch of people
that really want to like each other,becuz they sense that kindred spirit...is a nerd full of love,

every hero gets what they want,the big question is,what do u do with it?u got where u thought u've wanted to go,but,so what?

i am not someone who smiles very often,like,at all.it doesn't mean i'm not happy...but at some point,i noticed that,when people would 
approach me and say hi to me,i just like,put on a smile.i wasn't compelled to smile,but did it anyway.becuz it seemed like the right
th to do in the context.

i don't want ...i don't want anyone to have to deal with the fact that i sometimes can be incredibly cruel.over the last 20 years i've been
begged and pleaded,every expert i can find to flip the switch and make me never ever do that to another hunman being again. 

i want to be the activated healthy version of myself,i want my cathexes to be stripped away,i want what remains to be someone capable of
changing the world.and,more importantly,i want to remove this part of me,that can do so much damage to the most important people in my
life...

all of this talking about trun-offs and trun-ons,and pet peeves,and kinks...knowing that u're a dick doesn't make it okay,it's a beautiful
th,to see a dick admit he's a dick.it fantastic cuz it's usu followed by someone not being a dick anymore.and growing up.

i have to deal with the fact is that i've gotten everyth that i want,i have to grow up.i have to be a grown up.

people want u to be who u r,u're a hero to them becuz of ur incorruptibility...

here's the th,i think,saves me every time,and i think saves all the people out there,i truly believe,about myself,and about every single
person,that they want other people to be happy.u can be selfishly motivated,that's ego-driven,but that's as good as ego=driven gets is when
u go,"i want to be the guy who makes people happy."

i am a human being.i hope that i'll approach life differently.we just think and live in fear that everyone's judging us,but they're just 
doing their own shit and worrying about that everyone's judging them.so,in light of that,it's like i don't have to worry about myself as
much,becuz people just kinda enjoy what i'm about...i'm a pretty stubborn person...i hafta,like,become responsible,i can move on to 
whatever the next step is.







 



















