DON'T BE BE YOURSELF

    i had reall bad anxiety.horrible anxiety.riddled with anxiety,u guys ever leave the house without head
phones?thoughts are not good.this whole time,i thought i love music,turns out i just hate my brain.just be
 attackedall day long with this insecurity playlist on shuffl:aah!what are u doing with ur life? u drink
 too much,gonna die alone...my brain is evil,like,attacks me,it's like a bully...i'ii be at a party,
 hanging out,everybody's having a good time,talking,my brain's like:hey!u weirdo,u'r being too quiet.
 everybody's wondering why u'r such a quiet weirdo.get in there,say sth.u lunatic,come on,u freak.jump in,
u psycho...u finally say sth,ur brain goes:whoo...that's what u picked? shut up,dummy! my brain never 
stops,i can't sleep at night,i'm a horrible sleeper.u think lack of comfort's what's keeping me up at
 night,and that's the problem,really?ha!it's goddamned japanese game show i got going up here.all right?
yeah,it's the worry,the anxiety,the dread,i don't need a mattress designed by NASA.i need a Xanax and some
 self-esteem,all right?come on,comfort.i could sleep on a gravel road if i had a good childhood.brain
  never stops.that's why i never got these guys.it's like:hey,i'm going to bed,i'm like:what do u mean
  going to bed?i gotta pass out.i can't just go to bed.u want me to lay alone in a room in the dark in my 
 underwear?that's what screwed me up in the first place!


i'm working on it.it's too intense,too intimate.i don't know how u people do this,that's blows my mind,
it's too much.can't do it. i feel too much,everyth makes me uncomfortable.certain words r hard to say,
it makes me feeltoo weird:"i love u",ugh!that's tough.socially awkward.becuz i asked my friend what his
 biggest fear was,he said losing his child.i said:accidentally hitting the facetime button on my phone,
is there a more terrifying moment in life than that?i can't have people see me,i'm not ready,too much.


i'm a introvert,not fun.u just gotta get out there and fake it.hard around people,most people like being 
around people,this is an introvert's biggest fear right here.u're hanging out with some guy u don't really
 know.tough to be around people.day jobs,i don't know u guys do it,nine to five,eight hours with this 
group.the 5:00 rolls around ,some guy goes: hey! should all get drinks? what?are u nuts? u want to hang
 out more? we're done！we did it！we're outside the walls,let's go home！that's not happy hour,that's
 unpaid overtime.we like being alone,we do."hey,look at that dude sitting by himself."  u're like,"i know.
...living the dream."


it's just that weird brain i got.like:i want u guys to like me,but i'm scared of u. u bum me out,but i
 need ur love. basically,what i'm saying is if u have a party,i don't want to go.but if u don't invite me,
i'ii kill myself.


people are so condescending to single people,they go: u're single? aww...don't u get lonely? sure,but how 
come we always assume lonliness is worse than a relationship?i feel like loneliness is a lot easier to
 manage.it's definitely easy to get out of.u get lonely,call a friend,go to a movie.if u're in a bad
 relationship.u're like:well,i guess i gotta kill her.


that's the th,we all want the love,but nobody wants to do the work,just want the love part.


i know some people get mad when u make fun of their religion.u know,if u believe it,just believe it.what's
 it matter what i say? i believe in gravity and somebody's like: hey,gravity's not real. i'ii be like:all 
right,good luck out there!


people tell u to be urself ur whole life.that's the worest advice on the planet.urself sucks,every time
 i've been myself:been fired,kicked in the balls,dumped...whatever,don'r be urself. urself is gross and
 naughty.urself is the worst version of u. that's why whenever u walk into an elevator alone,there's no
 one else in there,u're like:ooh...i'm here by myself...i can be weird! when sb in there,now u gotta 
adapt.u gotta go back to society.u know? and people tell u to be urself at the worst times,too.i like
 phony.phony's underrated.phony gets a bad rap...why is that?like:an insult? phony makes the world go 
around. waiters...they don't care about u.they're being phony,and it's nice.we pay top dollar for phony.

