What I Have Lived For

Bertrand Russell  

    Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love,
 the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind. These passions, like 
great winds, have blown me hither and thither, in a wayward course, over a deep ocean of anguish, 
reaching to the very verge of despair.

    I have sought love, first, because it brings ecstasy---ecstasy so great that I would often    
have sacrificed all the rest of my life for a few hours for this joy. I have sought it, next, 
because it relieves loneliness---that terrible loneliness in which one shivering consciousness 
looks over the rim of the world into the coldunfathomable lifeless abyss. I have sought it, 
finally, because in the union of love I have seen, in a mysticminiature, the prefiguring vision of
the heaven that saints and poets have imagined. This is what I sought, and though it might seem 
too good for human life, this is what---at least---I have found.
     
   With equal passion I have sought knowledge. I have wished to understand the hearts of men. I 
have wished to know why the stars shine. And I have tried to apprehend the Pythagorean power by 
which number holds sway above the flux. A little of this, but not much, I have achieved.
        
    Love and knowledge, so far as they were possible, led upward toward the heavens. But always 
pity it brought me back to earth. Echoes of cries of pain reverberate in my heart. Children in 
famine, victimstortured by oppressors, helpless old people a hated burden to their sons, and the 
whole world of loneliness, poverty, and pain make a mockery of what human life should be. I long 
to alleviate the evil, but I cannot, and I too suffer.
   
   This has been my life. I have found it worth living, and would gladly live it again if the 
chance were offered me.



 我为何而生（另译：三种激情）
           伯特兰. 罗素  

   我的一生被三种简单却又无比强烈的激情所控制：对爱的渴望，对知识的探索和对人类苦难的难以抑制的怜
悯。这些激情像狂风，把我恣情吹向四方，掠过苦痛的大海，迫使我濒临绝望的边缘。

    我寻求爱，首先因为它使我心为之着迷，这种难以名状的美妙迷醉使我愿意用所有的余生去换取哪怕几个小
时这样的幸福。我寻求爱，还因为它能缓解我心理上的孤独中，我感觉心灵的战栗，仿如站在世界的边缘而面前
是冰冷，无底的死亡深渊。我寻求爱，因为在我所目睹的结合中，我仿佛看到了圣贤与诗人们所向往的天堂之景
。这就是我所寻找的，虽然对人的一生而言似乎有些遥不可及，但至少是我用尽一生所领悟到的。

    我用同样的激情去寻求知识。我希望能理解人类的心灵，希望能够知道群星闪烁的缘由。我试图领悟毕达哥
拉斯所景仰的“数即万物”的思想。我已经悟出了其中的一点点道理，尽管并不是很多。

  爱和知识，用它们的力量把人引向天堂。但是同情却总把人又拽回到尘世中来。痛苦的呼喊声回荡在我的内心
。饥饿的孩子，受压迫的难民，贫穷和痛苦的世界，都是对人类所憧憬的美好生活的无情嘲弄。我渴望能够减少
邪恶，但是我无能为力，我也难逃其折磨。

  这就是我的一生。我已经找到它的价值。而且如果有机会，我很愿意能再活它一次。

 

 译文的另一版本：吾之三愿

    吾生三愿，纯朴却激越：一曰渴望爱情，二曰求索知识，三曰悲悯吾类之无尽苦难。此三愿，如疾风，迫吾
无助飘零于苦水深海之上，直达绝望之彼岸。

    吾求爱，盖因其赐吾狂喜——狂喜之剧足令吾舍此生而享其片刻；吾求爱，亦因其可驱寂寞之感，吾人每生寂
寞之情辄兢兢俯视天地之缘，而见绝望之无底深渊；吾求爱还因若得爱，即可窥视圣哲诗人所见之神秘天国。此
吾生之所求，虽虑其之至美而恐终不为凡人所得，亦可谓吾之所得也。

    吾求知亦怀斯激情。吾愿闻人之所思，亦愿知星之何以闪光……吾仅得此而已，无他。

    爱与知并力，几携吾入天国之门，然终为悲悯之心拖拽未果。痛苦之吟常萦绕吾心：受饥饿之婴，遭压迫之
民，为儿女遗弃之无助老叟，加之天下之孤寂、贫穷、苦痛，具令吾类之生难以卒睹。吾愿穷毕生之力释之，然
终不能遂愿，因亦悲极。

    吾生若此而已，然吾颇感未枉此生；若得天允，当乐而重为之。

 

 
  Bertrand Russell，1872-1970 是二十世纪英国哲学家、数学家、逻辑学家、历史学家，无神论或者不可知论
者，也是上世纪西方最著名、影响最大的学者和和平主义社会活动家之一，1950年诺贝尔文学奖得主，分析哲学
创建者之一。他与怀特海合著的《数学原理》对逻辑学、数学、集合论、语言学和分析哲学有着巨大影响。1950
年，罗素获得诺贝尔文学奖，以表彰其“多样且重要的作品，持续不断的追求人道主义理想和思想自由”。
  
  本文选自《罗素自传》序言。中文版共三卷，商务印书馆，2002年第一版。
